So Karunesh brought along his girlfriend.
I told him they could share
the lower bed of the bunk bed.
We'll go upstairs.
He could enjoy some privacy.
He said okay.
In the night, Mohanti from the
second floor made their MMS.
And forwarded it to me.
The next morning, he got angry and started shouting.
Tell me, how is it my fault?
Have you heard of Ronald Wayne?
What?
Who?
Have you heard of him?
Was he Batman's father?
He was an entrepreneur.
But nobobdy knows about him.
Do you know what is the
name of that company?
What?
Everyone knows Steve Jobs.
Some people even know Steve Wozniak.
But nobody remembers the third guy's name.
And I'm supposed to be
the fourth guy here.
Did Yogi say something?
Don't feel bad about what he says.
A balding man is bound to get a bit cranky.
He can't say anything.
I'm going to hit him real hard one day.
He hasn't faced my anger.
But Jeetu?
I called him last month
to tell him banks will be closed next month, on the 1st.
And there's a weekend after that.
So he'll recieve his salary slightly late.
He cut the phone.
When I went to tell this to
Naveen, you know what he said?
You go make tea.
Sometimes I feel like I don't matter.
Naveen gives the presentation,
Jeetu makes the code,
Yogi meets the vendors.
Nobody gives me any work.
Don't worry about these little things.
Look at me,
I've been fighting since
fourteen years, and look at you
You're about to get seed funding
in the next six months.
And that too from Plutus Atlantic.
You're just left with the partner meeting,
after that look at the kind of respect
you get in the marketplace.
I don't want respect from the whole market.
Just three people.
So show it to them.
Show them your dedication.
Give the start-up your everything.
Once they notice it, they'll start respecting you.
How else do I show my decication?
I'm the one who works 5
days in a week for Jeetu.
I'm exhausted by the end of the day,
but I still make dinner for Yogi and Naveen.
All the time, I
Where did it go?
I carry this pen drive with me.
How much more dedication do I show them?
Why do you carry this pen drive everywhere?
I update it after every meeting.
Last year when I went to New
York, I got it for 5 dollars.
But you'll see, one day this will
get us five billion dollars.
Drink this.
Chill out.
No, no, please.
My digestion gets upset
by these local drinks.
Don't worry.
This is the Rastogi Special.
This is what we were selling
in our sixth start-up.
The name was slightly insensitive.
Or Tiger Global would have
been on board in seconds.
Jeetu's wife is so hot.
Really?
I don't know where does my mom get
these stupid girls for me to meet.
I asked a girl, how did she like Avataar and she said
Sorry, I'll be back in two minutes, I got to...
Come soon.
You have to pay the bill.
If they ask you about the salary, just tell
them you'll think about it and tell them.
Tell the HR guys you'll manage your own travel.
People get happy in as much.
Guys I've booked an Uber,
it'll be here in 5 minutes.
Dude, Naveen?
Come here, I need to double check once.
If my VP promotion
wasn't dependent upon
your funding, I won't
have fought so hard for you guys.
It's because the product is
promising that I've kept quiet.
Don't tell me that, I've
been ready since last night.
I even slept with my tie on.
Please come.
Give me one minute.
In the drawer in the cupboard
there must be a white packet.
Yes, the Kalyani Saree one.
It has your passport,
certificates, everything.
What's going on with him?
Soumya has her job interview today.
His post modern, post marriage love story
has been going on since two hours.
Have you seen my pendrive?
Which pen drive?
Yogi has already taken
2-3 backups of the presentation.
6-7.
No, none of these.
Please sit down.
Shift a bit.
Just sit down man.
What are you doing man?
Yes, just go from here.
Naveen, what is going on man?
Come on, what are you doing?
I only slept for four hours.
Let me wash my face atleast.
We're getting primary funding today.
My face deserves to
shine like my fate, right?
You guys are taking this very lightly.
I've been saying this since day one.
People liking your idea in the firm has
nothing to do with the seed funding.
Half an hour is left.
Come out. Let's go.
How much time guys?
Switch this off.
Okay, I'm sitting.
No, you don't have to sit. Stand up.
Please don't get late because
of these temple rituals.
Okay, I'll go now.
Listen, I've kept parathas in the bowl.
Do eat them.
And there's curd and sugar in the fridge.
Have that too.
Wish her from my side too.
Naveen's saying all the best.
From my side too.
Can't you all say it at once?
No, nothing. Puneet is here,
he's also wishing you luck. Okay, I'll talk to you later.
You guys know that ideally I
shouldn't even be here, right?
Why have I come?
Guys, most importantly.
Who are you guys going to meet?
Do you have any idea who he is?
They call him 'Midas Bharadwaj' in VC circles.
Whatever he does
One minute.
Is it Mide-us or Mid-aas?
You're from State Board. Keep quiet.
His portfolio has 17 multi-million dollar
companies and 0 in his anti-portfolio.
What is anti-portfolio?
What is an investor's portfolio?
So what would be anti?
Bharadwaj's profile doesn't
have an anti-profile header.
Now, if he rejects your idea,
noone in Bombay or Bangalore is
going to support your start-up.
Now, you guys don't want to go to Delhi
and neither do I want to
just remain an analyst.
So let's focus together.
Okay?
Our product is good.
We've worked very hard.
And as you enter, compliment
him on his TED talk. He'll be happy.
Let's go, quickly. Naveen
close your top button.
I can't find it.
Hurry up guys.
I'm just wearing my shoes.
You're again wearing my socks?
No, these are my own socks.
Jeetu, your demo is set?
Everything's fine? Did
you put an fb login?
No.
I'll just do it.
The tie isn't a problem, right?
No, it's fine. What are you saying? A
coder may even come in his underpants.
Sir, we saw your TED talk. It
was very thought provoking.
Which one?
The California one or
the Vancouver one?
We saw both of them.
The Vancouver one is next month.
I missed breakfast so my wife
is punishing me with these oats.
No, I'm not accusing anybody.
But we thought about this in college and
We came up with this idea in college.
We've been planning this since 3-4 years.
I'm not a detective.
Can you tell us the names of the people who
You guys,
are here, on this island.
Comfortable with your idea.
And I am
over here.
On this island.
Now you guys have to
come from there to here.
There are two ways.
I don't know if you guys will
be able to make it here or not.
There is another way.
That's called...
I can send this boat to you guys.
You guys can sit in it and
comfortably reach over here.
And I can send my boat,
only in one direction.
Hey, I called you because
it's confidential.
Fine. If your promotion is
at stake, what can one do.
Okay. I'll see you next weekend. Bye.
Bharadwaj is not going to tell us.
And
the Bangalore team is tight lipped too.
Realistically, it's hard to find out.
Puneet, why don't you try once.
I am trying guys but
There's another problem.
Bharadwaj is leaving for
Dubai day afer tomorrow.
So then?
I'll fix a second meeting
tomorrrow and sort this out.
You guys don't worry.
Sit here. I have a couple of contacts,
I'll call them and come.
Are you sure it's not
Puneet who leaked our idea?
No, man. What are you saying?
His own promotion is due.
What is the problem Shreya?
You know I have a meeting today.
Why are you calling repeatedly?
No,
There's a big problem here.
I can't come right now.
But what happened?
Tell me atleast?
Okay, fine. I'm coming.
Guys, I'm coming in 20 minutes.
In case Puneet gives any
updates, inform me.
After going home, first thing,
I'll have to make a list.
Of probable suspects.
How will that help?
I have a lot of
experience with thievery.
When I was in the first year of my MBA,
every alternate day, my bucket used to get stolen.
So I made a list
and applied the base theorem.
Every time, the culprit
was from my building.
I have a hunch it's somebody we know.
Mandal, where's your pen drive?
I don't know man, can't find it.
Last weekend I went to meet Rastogi,
since then it's
All the demos and tablets were in that.
Call Rastogi.
Call him.
Put it on speaker.
He's sitting in Bangalore.
He's gone there and pitched it.
We'll have to go to Bangalore or what?
Mother fucker, you'll go to Bangalore?
He'll be sitting at Kormangla
coffee shop and shaking it for you?
Shut up asshole.
You had to do nothing and
you fucked up even that.
Since Day 1, I told Naveen not to take him.
We can stand 0 contribution but how the
fuck can we bear negative contribution?
Fucker.
By now we would have had the term sheet.
Why are you talking like this Yogi?
I didn't do it deliberately.
You couldn't have done it deliberately.
Want to know why?
Because you're a dumbfuck.
Enough Yogi.
Wait a second.
You are a dumbfuck.
The entire world knows you're a dumbfuck.
And even you know you're a dumbfuck.
Why are you talking like this Yogi?
Yes, I've made a mistake,
but we're friends.
Really?
Except us, where are your other friends?
And when we're busy,
why the fuck do you have only
Rastogi to go drinking with?
Fucker, do you know why in the entire batch
only your bucket used to get stolen?
Because you are one.
A big one.
And you know this shit
that we're going through?
Is becaue we're getting punished for
having dumbfucks like you in our team.
Okay.
You guys won't have to
suffer more because of me.
Go on man.
For once take a stand in life.
Don't come back wagging your tail.
What are you doing man?
Just one minute.
Aunty, one second.
Aunty, who?
Ma'am, please move this back a bit.
Just come on that side.
What is this nonsense?
You're never this unreasonable.
I'm sitting in a meeting and
you're calling me again and again.
Yeah, what about it?
You had rejected it, right?
Yes, but there are new vacancies in their London office.
For how long?
Have you decided?
No, I
What do I say?
If you were in my place,
what would you have done?
Mandal's switched off his phone.
Why do you get so angry man?
Where will he go?
After drinking beer,
he'll come back home.
He's Mandal.
If he does something crazy,
you'll take resbonsibility?
Look, your loser's here.
Must be Soumya. I asked her to
come here after the interview.
Listen.
Don't say anything in front of her.
Even her mood will get spoilt.
I got it!
The interview went so well,
they'll send an offer letter day after and
I'm going to join them from next week!
Congrats Soumya.
Sorry, I didn't see you.
No, you guys carry on.
I'll go inside.
No, please stay.
I got this for you.
What is this? Sweets?
No, they're visiting cards.
Vista Print has sent it.
They were delivered today morning.
Actually he was saying the previous
cards weren't good quality so
How did your thing go?
It was good.
The presentation also went well.
Response was good. Demo was good.
Let's see, we're pitching
it, talks have started.
It was good.
Did you talk to dad?
No.
I was only able to speak to dad.
Dad was also asking about you and dad.
I think dad is doubting us.
I thought I should talk to
you first and then dad.
Why? You can talk to dad.
How do married couples understand
whose dad is being referred to?
Okay, I can talk to him.
But what do I say?
The same thing you tell him everytime.
We disagree with him, we don't disrespect him.
Atleast call him once and tell him.
Puneet is calling.
This is Yogi.
Yogi, we haven't been able
to find the name directly.
But I've been able to find Bharadwaj's
schedule for the last week.
I have the details of everyone
he's met in the past week.
Can you see the name 'Rastogi' in the list?
Check for Rastogi once.
No, you typed Pastogi.
R for Rastogi.
No man, there's no Rastogi.
Rastogi isn't there.
Puneet why don't you start alphabetically.
Tell me all the names, starting with A.
There's Azim Premji.
There are numerous names
starting with A. I've cross
checked all of them.
There is only one slot left.
I don't see a name  but there's an e-mail id.
What's the mail id?
It's something weird.
Yes.
You found this place to talk
about something so important?
We could have sat in some
restaurant and talked properly.
Good to see your sense of humour is still intact.
And good to see that your 'career comes
first' ideology is still intact.
Say it.
Can't you say it once? 'I love you. I can't
stay without you. Please don't leave me.'
I can't stay without you.
But please go.
I'm telling you, there's still time.
I'll give you a coin. Use the
trial room as the 'jury room'.
That won't change anything.
You've become very predictable.
You're not going to instigate me.
Please stop trying.
You realise it's going to be every
tough to find this combination again?
It'll be impossible.
But what do we do? It's your work.
You'll have to do it.
Naveen, that's just something to say.
None of us are Gandhi, Newton or Shakespeare.
That's not true Shreya.
Okay, wait.
What is this?
Your head.
Come on, tell me. What is this?
It's a bottle. What else.
Who made it?
How would I know?
You know thousands of years ago, when man lived in caves.
So when man used to go fill water from
the river, he used to face lots of problems.
Then someone made a
container out of leaves.
But that wasn't durable.
Then someone noticed that if you put wet
mud in the sun, it transforms into clay.
And then someone made a pot.
But even that wasn't durable.
Then someone discovered plastic.
And someone else came up with the
idea of making a plastic container.
Them someone else designed it's shape,
some one else made it transparent,
Someone else discovered the cap, someone
else designed the threads of the cap.
And someone else made a bottle factory.
And today, thousands of people work in that
factory just to make bottles.
Which means, since thousands of years,
thousands of people have been working.
Just so that today we could
have a bottle in our hands.
Maybe we don't acknowledge it but
And this is just a bottle Shreya.
Look around yourself.
Will you miss me?
Will you?
Every night.
Bloody horndog.
I'm going to have to manage
someway or the other.
Okay, listen.
Promise me you'll give
me a 3 months window.
Don't get a new girlfriend before that.
Okay. You also please don't start uploading
selfies the minute you're in London.
Okay. Done.
We were kind of like soulmates, right?
If I stayed back, we would
have definitely got married.
You got lucky.
We never got stuck in the
technicalities baby.
No, I was saying that becasue
we should have break-up sex
for the last time, right?
I'm going home today evening, for a week.
Once I'm back, let's have some fun.
I have a flight in the evening and
I haven't even started packing.
Okay?
What is this?
Why are you giving me your credit card?
What rubbish.
Why are you acting like a hero?
I know your financial situation.
A month's groceries on me, okay?
And anyway,
it's not a gift, it's a loan.
I'll take it back.
Okay?
I've made a lot of sacrifices for the start-up.
A good job.
A good salary.
A good standard of living.
It never bothered me so much.
But this time, I have to sacrifice you for work.
It really hurts.
And when,
I'll see your face on the cover of TIME
magazine, then this will all seem worth it.
That's why my inbox is full
with hair therapy mails.
He's been making a fool
out of us since 6 monhs.
And you were planning to replace me with him?
Come on man, it was a time of financial crunch.
Learn to say sorry Yogi.
I can't do all this man.
But these fuckers are going to apologise,
when I attest their asses with my shoe.
You please keep quiet.
It's been enough since morning.
Now, let me talk politely.
You talk to them. But if they act
smart, I'm going to fuck them.
They're 17 yeard old kids.
They made a mistake. I'll talk
to them, they'll understand.
Okay fine.
You talk.
I whack.
Let's go.
They're lucky I'm not
wearing my Woodland shoes.
What happened here man?
I don't see any kids either.
What is this?
Did someone take a dump here? Oh, yuck.
Where are we man? What's going on?
Let's go man. Which one is it?
Welcome Yogi.
We were waiting for you.
You guys knew we're coming?
No, we sit idol everyday from 8-10.
Fool, the CCTV footage of the
main gate is screened here.
The entry is done. Can I go home now?
Yes, okay.
You'll take me for a spa
in the evening right?
Look guys.
You guys must know why we're here.
We've worked very hard for this product.
You guys have made a mistake and it's illegal too.
You guys are young. We don't
want to file a complaint.
You made a mistake, it's alright.
Just call Bharadwaj once and backout.
We won't take any action.
If you track the IP address, you'll
find a cyber cafe in Mulund.
Nobody can even touch us.
We have all the proof that this idea is ours.
We're advising you.
You guys are in college.
There could be an issue if
your parents found out.
You guys must be scared
of your fathers.
If our parents had the time to scold us,
you think we would have
turned out to be such dicks?
One second Jeetu. Give me your phone.
Let me show these guys whether to
call Bharadwaj or for an ambulance.
Give me the phone.
Have you met Reddy?
Reddy loved to video-chat.
He had found a Bulgarian girl on Omegle.
And the entire night on skype he used to...
What he didn't know was that I
was recording the entire chat.
One day, I felt like it
So I put all the videos on the internet.
He cried, begged.
So I finally deleted the videos.
And he's supposed to be my friend.
You are my dad's,
third cousin's mutual friend.
You'll login tonight at 1 again?
Svetlanna is a single mom.
And also an entrepreneur in many ways.
It's material worth 41 GB.
Reddy's got a new hard drive for it.
It really hepled on dry days man.
Say thanks to her too.
Touch us if you can.
We've got a free router
with the new computer.
We'll get to test the upload speed too.
Please guys.
Bill
stole Steve's idea and made Microsoft.
So who do you think you are?
Go back the same road you came from.
If you go to meet
Bharadwaj again,
Yogi and Svetlanna's folder,
won't just remain in Reddy's folder.
Okay, let's go Yogi.
Mother fuckers.
They were going to make me back-out.
Hey Jeetu.
Come on man, convince me.
Come and convince me
that I should back out.
Come and convince me man.
What did you say?
Convince me.
I should convince you?
What are you doing?
I should convince this asshole?
First I convince my wife,
then my dad, then my family.
This mother fucker is 17 years old.
Fuck him.
Fuck, my i7 extreme gaming edition.
Are you guys gangsters?
We're not gangsters.
We're entrepreneurs.
Do you guys know how much one has to
pay to admit a child in kindergarden?
How much goes into an EMI of a house?
Yesterday, I went to buy
vegetables after office.
Do you know how much babycorn is for?
100gms for Rs.120.
What are you saying? 1200 bucks a kg?
What did I want man?
For you guys to get your seed fund
and for me my promotion.
Was it that big a demand?
A problem came up and 25
percent of the team resigned.
He's switched off his phone.
What can we do?
Dude.
Naveen, say something to him.
I'm tired of talking. You go ahead.
I was backing this team.
The CEO comes sleep deprived
and unwashed for the meeting.
This CEO abuses people.
This CTO breaks computers.
You guys are a million dollar team.
How come you didn't get funding earlier?
Okay, it's all in the past now.
Please don't open your mouth in front of Bharadwaj.
I will talk to him, okay?
Come on, sit down.
We're okay, right?
You guys have worked very
hard on the product.
Selling things online is an idea.
Everyone is selling them.
And then.
If I want to do business, I have
to look at my self interest.
I have spent thirty five thousand
and made this presentation.
Okay.
There is a 'Sharmaji's
son' in all our lives.
But in Bikaner's Kendriya Vidhyalya
there was Maheshwariji's son.
Sir, I've never seen the
Backstreet Boys perform live.
But I have seen Jeetu write codes.
Continuously for 36 hours.
Without sleep.
He could have easily taken the
Facebook job and gone to the States.
But his family would have faced inconvenience,
so he didn't leave India and go.
And today, to start the start-up,
for the first time in his life,
Jeetu's gone against his family.
Why?
Why did Jeetu do this?
Some people know few people.
Some people know a lot of people.
But Yogi,
knows everybody.
Naveen was telling me that when
these guys went to Gujarat,
at 4 in the morning, he organised beer.
He's taught me the
importance of cost cutting
in operations more
than my M.B.A classes.
For his own birthday, he
got a cake worth Rs.25.
His CGPA was only 5.3
But he got a package of 22 lakhs.
If he continued working
there for 2 more years,
he would have been the
Mumbai Regional Head.
Still, after quitting his job, he's working
hard and running around for the start-up..
Why has he decided to shed his hair?
Why?
Sir, I love watching films.
At the end of every film,
the director's name appears under ' a film by'.
I used to get very angry looking at it.
The actor acts.
The writer writes.
The cinematographer shoots the film.
So what does the director do that
gets him such speacial attention?
But sir because of Naveen,
I have found that
it's the hardest to make
choices in real life.
Sir this is his idea.
It's his product.
The team is also Naveen's.
For the team, he's made our house the office.
And his own room the godown.
The guy, who wouldn't iron his own shirt,
today volunteers to wash all our clothes.
We've all made some sacrifices.
But nobody knows how much Naveen
has sacrificed for all of us.
Why is Naveen doing this?
All of us.
Why are we all working hard with
so much dedication and commitment?
We stepped out of our
comfort zone long back.
No matter how many challenges,
sacrifices, changes we have to face
Sir, as an individual I have no value.
But if I have their back,
my net value increases ten times.
The team I support
And I think you guys are forgetting that
Sir, you're also forgetting something.
So what you're saying is...
Do you really think we went to only
one investor with our product?
If I reject your idea,
nobody over here will want to invest in it.
We'll manage to reach
somewhere or the other.
Either in your portfolio,
or your anti-portfolio.
I play a lot of poker.
Come on Mandal, stay ,
where are you going?
No, man I'm going home.
I've to go home and
draft a formal resignation letter.
What about all that you were faffing about?
We'll be perseverant, go to the island.
Now that we're asking you to stay, you don't want to.
No man, such emotional attachment is unhealthy.
Sit down you dumbfuck.
We're calling you dumbfuck. Come back.
If I'm a dumbfuck, why
are you calling me?
Fuckface, you're a dumbfuck,
but you're my dumbfuck.
Get it?
Now come back.
I'm not going to.
Hey, now that you've given a good
presentation don't act like a hero. Okay?
Whatever I said yesterday
was out of anger.
Come on now, come back
What is this 'come back, come back'?
I'm not going to come.
Yesterday I overreacted man.
I'm saying it now, don't you get it.
Get what?
I'm saying sorry, you asshole.
Now come back.
Should I give you two across
the face and say sorry?
Let's take 8-10 pitchers
and take a bath with beer.
The foam comes out well too.
We've got a 10 percent
advance of the seed funding.
Don't do something crazy
before the paperwork is done.
Crazy?
What about the crazy shit
you did at the hostel?
After all, it's fun to fight man.
I was half mad because
you broke the phone.
Give me your phone. Let me
ask Soumya where she's reached.
So Naveen, I was thinking,
our new office should be near Powai lake.
Research says that if you
see water every morning,
yourblood cells increase by 12 percent.
Motherfucker, we'll get a 1bhk in Ghatkopar.
We need a UiOS person,
he needs a developer,
We need to setup the office.
I need an intern.
Our CEO, Mr.Bansal, he'll
get us everything.
Noone gets everything.
There are somethings that
are not in your control.
What happened to you man?
Nothing man. I was saying it generally.
You guys have fun.
I'll just make a call and be back.
How are you?
How are you bro?
Good. How about you?
You must be in your final year?
No, I graduated last year.
Now I have a job here.
Good stuff man. You've grown up.
You're the one doing good stuff man.
I just liked your facebook status.
Oh, you know?
You killed it bro!
I'm feeling extremely jealous.
You have such a great life man.
We're the losers filling
excel sheets in office.
I have a life only on weekends.
By the way, even I was thinking
of an idea for a startup with PJ.
But I don't get much time.
Even if I found time,
everybody isn't lucky like you.
Tell me something.
What are you?